Coding Exercise - Ticket Office
Suppose you are working for a movie theater. Your job is to write a program that prints the ticket price based on 3 factors:

1. The age of the customer

2. The current movie ticket price

3. If the customer is eligible for some kind of social welfare, such as a veterans discount.

The general rule is:

1. If the customer is less than 11 years old, a free ticket is given!

2. If the customer is 12-18 (inclusive) years old, then they get 25% off.

3. If the customer is more than 19 years old, then they don't get a discount unless they are eligible for some kind of social welfare. If they are, then they also get a 25% discount.

4. What if someone is 12-18 (inclusive) years old and also eligible for social welfare? Then, they only get one 25% off discount, not two.

For this coding exercise, you have to:

1. Write a function that takes 3 inputs - age(integer), price(float) and welfare(boolean). The third input should be optional.

2. The function should correctly print out the price for customers.

3. The function should handle the situation when the age is less than 0 or greater than 120. People of these ages might have given the wrong age input.

Sample Results:

ticketPrice(20, 100) returns 100

ticketPrice(15, 200) returns 150

ticketPrice(25, 500, True) returns 375

Hints:

Python Default Function Arguments(https://www.programiz.com/python-programming/function-argument)

JavaScript Default Parameters (https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Functions/Default_parameters)
